Welcome to the discovery tube
today we deal with the
statute is a small program which
to the data or folder to
sync both over network as well
also locally on the pc for linux users
It is very comfortable and easy
like ubuntu is easy
already preinstalled for the windows
the work is a bit more complicated
you have to download first and
then the handling is something
other then you have an exe file and
plus a bachelor in the bed
you have to fall everything quasi
So enter as on the command line
from linux so if you like the under
linux can or will track this video
and look at the command then
could be the same in the batch
use it so we start like
It is said ten years ago
enter frank then you see here already
all the parameters you have and
can it's a really powerful
tool you can do a lot with it
Here you can also see josef and here
to use it
The option, of course, then ran the front
sauce before and then that
request a destination
I 've prepared something I've got
my son and my destination here
if I make something like that now
I once made two pictures purely
and in text file or destination
claim is empty
so then match Baumann
What do I want to do? I want it
archive that means that the files
their, for example, their entire attributes
These have also been passed over there
I want to do that record low
If still a subfolder in so
Of course he will join in what is in it
and only tries that one
get small
which will be at the file size has
sometimes looked around 14 kilometers
do not mind but if you
can transfer larger amounts of data
make her so useful for so afterwards
So the folder is where then
should go all this way so
Blank and then it starts again
and if it had already suppressed
the whole already done and if
Now you have a destination
daily
put that in our file what the coal
at first if I for example
Change this text file
Let's take a look at the secret projects
from discovery channel and I end now
just get the content of the file
Of course not until the winter
now once again running this and changes the
whole also in the
request that these parts exist
it was not before, and that means first
then look in the files so it
really nothing is lost so now
put under prejudices we here the
the folder that is almost ours
backup and I just now
here this image and I leave now
what we criticize him we notice in
destination it is still in there too
I do not really want me at all
will the folder are always the same as
Come on now , even if I have something
deleted and should have it here too
not be in it
good for it is how you get up here
can see the song command run
and now it should be in here right now
that we now first the the
introduction should like on the head
to give his a brief overview
about the program and here it looks
There are many more things that will be
But to us that to burst the frame
Just try it yourself and then
I would say until the